Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI and Microservice 1020.3.0 (#2679)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020-1-19-cockpit-and-dm-to-support-root-asset-creation-feature.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Cockpit and DM to support Root Asset Creation feature"

Reviewer: Enable Root Asset Creation via Add Asset Plugin in Cockpit and Device Management

Reviewer 2: Modified it to "Ability to create root asset using Add Asset Module plugin in Cockpit and Device Management"

> title: "Cockpit and DM to support Root Asset Creation feature"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: "Ability to add asset from the Cockpit and Device management applications"
```

Reviewer 2: Modified it to "Ability to create root asset using Add Asset Module plugin in Cockpit and Device Management"

> title: "Ability to create root asset using Add Asset Module plugin in Cockpit and Device Management"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
title: "Ability to create root assets using the "Add asset module" plugin in the Cockpit and Device Management application"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1654"
version: "1020.1.19"
---

> Enables root asset creation capability in Cockpit and Device management, allowing users to create and manage root assets from Cockpit and Device management.

Reviewer: Enhanced the Add Asset plugin to support root asset creation in Cockpit and Device Management. When the Add Asset plugin is installed, users will see an "Add Asset" button on the groups page in both Cockpit and DM, enabling the users to create root assets directly from these interfaces.

Reviewer: @Vagdevi1998 this entry is not needed in DTM As there is no change in DTM UI because of this implementation. The entry in plugins change log is good enough.

Reviewer 2: Modified it as 
Enhanced the **Add Asset Module** plugin to enable root asset creation in Cockpit and Device Management. When installed, users can access the **Add Asset** button on the `/groups` and `/assets` pages in both applications, allowing creation of root assets directly from these interfaces.

> Enables root asset creation capability in Cockpit and Device management, allowing users to create and manage root assets from Cockpit and Device management.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **Add asset** button can be seen in the header of pages with path `/groups` or `/assets` upon installing the **Add asset module** plugin in the Cockpit and Device management applications.
```

Reviewer 2: Modified as 
Enhanced the **Add Asset Module** plugin to enable root asset creation in Cockpit and Device Management. When installed, users can access the **Add Asset** button on the `/groups` and `/assets` pages in both applications, allowing creation of root assets directly from these interfaces.

> Enhanced the **Add Asset Module** plugin to enable root asset creation in Cockpit and Device Management. When installed, users can access the **Add Asset** button on the `/groups` and `/assets` pages in both applications, allowing creation of root assets directly from these interfaces.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The "Add asset module" plugin has been enhanced to enable root asset creation in the Cockpit and the Device Management application. When installed, users can access the **Add asset** button on the groups and assets pages in both applications, allowing the creation of root assets directly from these interfaces.
```
